(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Let's...
never meet again.
Never again.
I... I'll take a cab.
Ji An.
I'm sorry.
What have I done?
(Episode 19)
Secretary Yoo.
Yes.
How long have we known each other?
5 years.
You must be very drunk.
It must be the alcohol.
It should be.
I only had two glasses of beer.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Crazy. I must be crazy.
What have I done?
Ji An, do you like him?
Just because you stared at him so much,
I was mistaken.
I get it though. How could you think about love...
given the situation you are in now?
But why were you staring at his car?
No way.
You must be crazy, Seo Ji An.
Why did I do that?
Seriously. Why?
I hope he helps...
my parents...
to be exempted from going to prison.
I want Mother and Father...
No, I mean...
I wish he can stop the vice chairman and Ms. No.
About what I did today.
Will you tell your mother and father...
for me?
I will.
Then promise you'll tell them...
what I did to get...
the blue fabric from the office.
Please tell Ms. No and Mr. Choi for me.
I will.
I'll tell them.
Ms. Seo, you're here early today.
Gosh. Why... Why are you here?
Did you forget I'm staying at the night duty room?
I know that.
But why aren't you at the event hall?
Did you get drunk only after two glasses of beer?
We agreed that other teammates will...
take turns in the morning when we aren't busy.
And we agreed that I'll be there in the afternoon.
Right. We talked about that last night.
I'm sorry.
I made a mistake last night.
I must have drunk too much.
No, I'm sorry too.
I should have apologized to you first.
I'm sorry for my mistake.
Well, we were both drunk.
Then I will see you at the meeting.
Wait.
You hurt your knee.
Thank you.
Did you want to see me?
It's about the promotion video.
Are they filming according to the cue sheet?
Yes, sir.
Doesn't Haesung Apparel's 40th anniversary event...
take an important part of the video?
Well, as you have instructed...
I think the focus has been set off.
After the event, we must devote...
all of our resources for the winter season.
How is the marketing strategy coming along?
Well, during our last seminar,
Ms. Seo suggested an idea for the commercial.
So she can take on the project.
Since I'm in charge of the anniversary event,
I'd like someone else to lead the project.
One's performance must be the choosing factor.
But isn't it too big for a new employee to take on?
We will discuss further about that matter.
But why hasn't Ms. Yoon come to work yet?
She's late even without any notice.
I'm going to quit.
I'll give her a call.
Vice President Choi, take a look at this, sir.
This is the Customers' Photo Board.
Please take a look at this photo.
Someone is stealing the fabric in this photo.
- Let's look. - Right here.
Isn't this Ms. Yoon?
The person in this photo is Ms. Yoon?
What?
Yoon Ha Jung.
Are you not coming to work because of what I said?
Why wouldn't I come to work?
I'm in front of the office.
I'm handing in my resignation letter.
Are you really going to quit?
Ms. Yoon Ha Jung!
General Manager Lee, don't yell at me.
I'm no longer an employee of this company.
Here's my resignation letter.
Who says you can turn in your resignation letter?
I didn't see you there.
Ms. Yoon, how could you do something like this?
Take a look at this!
Gosh, that's not me. It's not me.
Why... Why would that be me?
You can't even see the face in the photo.
The pants and the shoes are identical to yours.
Are you the one who stole Mr. Jung's fabric...
which almost ruined the fashion show,
the most important show of the event, Ms. Yoon?
Was that you?
Yes.
It was me.
I didn't like Ms. Seo.
So I wanted to ruin it.
How can you rehire someone I kicked out?
On top of that, as soon as she was hired again,
she took charge of all the important tasks,
and I didn't feel comfortable about that.
I can't work...
- because of Seo Ji An. - Ms. Yoon!
Ms. Yoon, you have no right to say that.
When you sent the messages with the wrong date,
you got off after only writing an explanation.
You mean the incident with 130,000 dollars?
I'll pay it back.
I will also pay for the fabric.
You'll pay for the fabric?
That was obstruction of business.
File for the damage, and I'll pay it back.
- What about the theft? - Sorry?
You stole the company's property,
so it's a theft and obstruction of business.
There's no doubt that you're fired.
You will pay for stealing the fabric...
at the station, Ms. Yoon.
At the station?
We're from the security team.
Take her to the station...
on the charge of theft and obstruction of business.
The legal team will accompany you.
- Let's go. - No. Please, sir!
Please spare me this once. I'm sorry.
My dad... Call my dad, Kyung Min!
Ha Jung!
What's up with those two?
Come to think of it, why is Ms. Yoon's outfit...
the same as yesterday?
Yesterday, Kyung Min was supposed to...
drop her off at her house.
All right. Let's get back to our meeting.
Vice President Choi,
this is an email from the marketing team.
They have decided not to include...
the closing ceremony in the promotion video.
Why did they change the cue sheet?
It says that the footages of preparing the event...
seems more suitable.
I bought the wooden chair for 100 dollars.
Handmade chairs are much better indeed.
Manufactured chairs cost more than 130 dollars.
I felt bad that it was so cheap.
100 dollars for a handmade chair is too cheap.
I hope you buy one for your husband too.
Actually, I was thinking about buying another one.
But I must pay the price the designer wants then.
I think the owner of the cafe...
wants to foster the designers.
"Brad Pitt"?
I saw his comment on some other blog.
I guess he's a fan of yours.
Did he buy a chair from here?
Hello.
Ji Soo, I made a big mistake.
I put aside money for the bread,
but I completely forgot.
Tell your boss I apologize for paying so late.
My boss didn't even ask about the payment.
Ji Soo, are you keep going to let your hair down now?
You look so much prettier with your hair down.
My hair?
My boyfriend told me he likes my hair down.
Gosh, you have a boyfriend now?
Yes.
Well, I'll get going then.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Don't you think she lied on purpose?
At first, I thought she was a foolish stalker,
but she's cute in her own way.
Here.
She left it under the counter and forgot.
She said she's sorry.
Gosh, she doesn't need to apologize.
People forget things.
I have more customers coming...
because of your delicious bread.
Thank you.
From now on, I'd like to order two loafs...
of castella bread as well.
What?
Why did she pay the full amount?
Pardon?
There's a 10 percent discount for cash.
I told her that.
And let me say this again.
Are you looking for a part-timer?
Hold on.
Look at this. She wants to order...
two loafs of castella bread from now on.
I should put more eggs in it. I should.
What was that?
(Product Supply Contract)
The sample must have convinced them.
Even I thought the products were good.
Did you get the order sheet and the contract?
Yes, I got it.
I got half as the down payment.
They will send the rest when the products arrive.
So send me your bank details.
Just send me the money when they pay everything.
But I got the down payment.
Tae Soo, you're still good.
You did this in such a short time.
The margin is small. Don't make a fuss.
Just because this one is small doesn't mean...
the next deal will be small as well.
Right. The next deal has to be much bigger.
Take your bankbook.
Please don't leave your belongings behind.
(10,000 dollars)
10,000 dollars.
It's been such a long time.
The closing ceremony will not be part of the video.
Sir, Ms. Seo wants to see you.
What are you doing?
An employee requested to speak to me.
Let her in.
Okay.
What is it?
The closing event is left out in the video.
So there's no need for me to be here.
I thought I could tell your parents sooner.
That's only a few days.
As we promised, let's tell them when it's over.
It's just too tough.
Your brother already had the wedding,
so you're done with your job. Is that it?
That's not it.
Then stick with it until the end.
Shouldn't you finish the event well...
to be able to take credit for it?
He doesn't have money. How much did he spend?
650...
(Staff discount price)
Staff discount price?
He got every girl he picked.
He's probably the best in the nation.
I think she's being hunted by the player.
Should I tell Ji An?
Can I trust you?
(To Cinderella)
(You should watch out for that guy.)
(Dad)
Yes, Dad.
You are on break now, right?
Right. You called me at the right timing.
Yes. You bought shoes for Ji Tae and Soo A.
Why does it say "staff discount price"...
on the receipt?
Right. That.
I asked my friend who works at a mall.
Did you? Okay.
Dear our valued customers.
The eighth floor of Nara Department Store...
Ji Ho.
(Nara Department Store)
Nara Department Store?
"I promised, so I won't tell Ji An about it."
"But watch out for that guy."
He stopped me from having the first kiss.
Who is he to tell me to watch out for him?
- Ma'am? - What?
It's nothing. It's that guy from the club,
and he won't tell Ji An.
I see.
By the way, where should we go and spend time?
I will go buy some warm chamomile tea.
- Hurry back. - Okay.
Ms. Choi Seo Hyun?
Who are you? I don't remember you.
Are you my old classmate?
No, I am not your classmate.
I am the wife of the man you are playing with.
What? Wife?
You will get it today. Get up.
Is it fun playing with my husband?
Stop it. You got the wrong person!
I will kill you today.
Come here.
What are you doing? Are you mad?
You should run. Hurry.
Where are you going?
I will take one more.
Ji An.
I heard it's yours.
Right. Thank you.
Good luck.
Hey.
You weren't answering your phone.
I called your office and found out you were here.
It's your first event as a vice president,
so I've come to check it out.
Why is that 20,000-dollar girl here?
It's...
She re-entered the company as a regular employee.
Re-enter the company?
She used to be a temporary employee.
I don't care about her past.
If she works here, why did you ask me to hire her?
- That's... - It's because...
it's dangerous to secretly date her, isn't it?
Watch your mouth. She's nothing like that.
Or are you going to date her secretly...
and shock your family when time comes?
Your imagination is too good for your own good.
I watched you for about 20 minutes.
And you stared at her the whole time.
You frowned, became emotional, and smiled.
You weren't yourself.
Did I...
do that?
What is your plan? If you don't tell me,
I will take back the job offer.
It's not true, and I have no intention.
I won't deceive your parents.
It's nothing like that. It's not.
Do you think I am a little child?
I will put her in my uncle's company.
Is this because you can't give her up if she's here?
If I can keep her here,
I would actually feel more relieved.
What are you talking about now?
Someone spilled drinks at the hand printing area.
Are you okay?
- Ji An, are you okay? - Are you okay?
- I am okay. - I am sorry.
- Are you all right? - Yes.
(Seo Hyun)
Is she okay?
What happened?
Ji An got burned by an iron.
She got burned by an iron?
Where is she now?
She went to the staff's room to get first aid.
Ms. Seo! Ji An!
Where is Ms. Seo?
She ran outside.
- Outside? - Yes.
Seo Hyun.
I'm in front of the building you told me.
Where are you?
I am here. I am behind you.
What happened to you, Seo Hyun?
I had a fight with my friend.
What was the driver doing?
I left without him to meet my friend.
When's your lesson?
(Do Kyung)
Don't answer it.
If he finds out, he will kill me.
You have the purse.
You could've gone to a mall and bought clothes.
How can I go to a mall looking like this?
What if someone sees me?
Then...
Let's go buy clothes.
Didn't you hear me?
How can I pick clothes looking like this?
Then...
Let's order through here.
We can just go pick it up. Is that okay?
Here. Pick one.
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
Mr. Yoo, call all the clinics around here.
Check if they got a burn patient.
Okay, sir.
Let's call on the way.
Welcome.
Yes.
I've come to pick up what I ordered online.
Okay.
I will prepare it right away.
Is it the emergency room?
Is there a female burn patient there?
Have you seen a girl with a burn on her hand?
Her name is Seo Ji An.
We didn't have any burn patients today.
I see.
If she didn't come here, where did she go?
Sir,
I called all the clinics around this area,
but she's not in any of them.
Perhaps she went to a university hospital?
I called a cab. Let's wait here.
You won't be late for the lesson, will you?
Thank you.
I am so glad that I have you.
You can call Do Kyung.
I can't. He...
I will be in trouble.
That's not true.
If you sincerely ask for his help,
he will help you.
So from now on,
ask for his help when something happens.
You don't know him well.
As the heir of Haesung Corporation,
he's been training since his birth.
He won't do anything...
that goes against the rules of the family.
I'm sure he's not always like that.
Besides, I can just call you now.
Why would I call him?
I am grateful...
and sorry.
What are you grateful and sorry about?
I only troubled you.
I can't tell you now,
but you'll find out soon.
Where did she go?
Why are you outside?
Did something go wrong at the event?
Why did you turn off your phone?
You're so good at worrying me.
Let me see. How badly are you hurt?
It was a light burn.
What?
I had to do something.
What was it?
I can't tell you.
You can't tell me?
You made me so worried, and you can't tell me?
Why did you turn off the phone then?
Lower your voice, Do Kyung.
Why would I lower my voice?
We're at the event hall.
Ji An! Why you...
Why are you thankful and sorry to me?
And why did I secretly take you here?
I don't know what I am doing.
You can't tell me?
You made me so worried, and you can't tell me?
Why did you turn off the phone then?
I watched you for about 20 minutes.
And you stared at her the whole time.
You frowned, became emotional, and smiled.
You weren't yourself.
Dad.
So, as soon as you got discharged,
you got a job instead of studying for...
the college entrance exam?
I am sorry I lied, but I had no choice.
You would've disapproved of my plan anyway.
There must be a good reason for that.
Is it so bad to tell you to go to college?
Dad, I said this when I repeated the year...
and also before I joined the army.
I won't go to college.
I don't want to go.
If you studied well, you wouldn't have said that.
If I studied well, I would've gone to college.
But I am bad at studying.
I neither enjoy or love studying.
What's the point of going to college?
People who studied abroad fill colleges.
And so many qualified people can't find jobs.
Even if I try my best,
I won't be able to go to a decent college.
So why should I go to college?
It's a waste of my time and money.
That's why you should study.
You should try harder.
Dad. Dad, please.
What's the use of finishing college?
Does college guarantee success?
A good life?
You went to college too, didn't you?
Ji An went to college.
Why would you waste money on me...
when we are not even well off?
It's better for me to start earning.
I told you.
I told you I won't...
let you work while studying.
I earn money now.
Pay the debts with that.
I am too old to be getting your help.
I have the right to choose what to do with my life.
Dad,
I am saving up money to start my own business.
I've saved all the money you've given me...
without spending a penny.
I'll give it to Ji Tae.
To Ji Tae?
He's the one...
paying off our debt.
I always feel indebted...
to Ji Tae.
So are you saying...
you'll give up college...
and just make money...
because we're poor?
Just make money?
People go to college to get a well-paid job.
Everyone has a college experience.
College experience?
What's wrong about not having one?
There are so many things I can do with money.
If Mom finds out,
she'll make a fuss when Ji Tae is back.
I'll tell Mom about this.
Dad.
Dad, I'm sorry.
But don't worry about me. I'm serious.
When other people ignore me and despise me,
it makes me so miserable, poor, and servile.
I can't stand it anymore.
Stop it. You don't know why I'm doing this.
I just can't...
pass down poverty to my children.
So I won't get married.
I heard...
you're a day laborer.
What on earth can you do for Ji An?
In this situation,
why would you waste your money on me?
It's better I start my own business and make money.
I suffered so much.
I wanted to kill myself. There's nothing I can do.
I can't...
trust you anymore.
Seo Hyun, what's wrong?
I got hiccups.
I'm sorry, but I need to go to my room.
What should I do?
Why isn't he calling me?
- Hello? - How does it feel to...
kiss someone else's husband?
Choi Seo Hyun, a daughter of Haesung Corporation?
I didn't kiss him.
Why are you sending me the photos?
Let's meet and talk about it.
You didn't call me or answered my calls.
She took my phone.
By the way, it's too early to go to school.
Is what the crazy woman said true?
It's not, is it?
It's true.
I'm married.
Are you married?
Why didn't you tell me?
You didn't ask me.
Are you kidding me?
What should I do now?
I told her it's not your fault.
She keeps sending me photos of us.
I asked for divorce. So she's threatening you.
Divorce? Why did you ask for divorce?
I need to take care of you.
What do you mean? We're not meant to be.
This is the additional purchase order.
I made an extra order to have enough in stock.
We'll get a refund for the remaining items.
And this is the report on trends in other brands.
What's the rush with the purchase order and report?
Why would you hurry like this?
I'm just giving you a report in advance.
And this.
I thought about it during the event of Purple Scent.
I thought it'd be good to sell scented products...
in our clothing shops.
So I wrote this proposal.
Are you a robot or something?
Did you even sleep?
I wish I were a robot.
I'll go to the event hall then.
Did you get the results yet?
Why is she running so hurriedly?
Why is she hiding there?
- Secretary Yoo. - Yes, sir.
Arrange meetings for today and tomorrow.
What meetings are you talking about?
Any meetings I've been putting off. Set the time.
Until the day before the end of the event.
Okay.
Mr. Baker told me to give this back to you.
For cash payments, you get 10 percent discount.
Goodbye then.
Bye.
What?
I'm thankful that you have more customers.
Sunwoo Hee, you came to me...
like the warm sun of a spring day.
I'm happy I can spend the second winter with you.
Merry Christmas. Kang Nam Goo.
This handwriting is just like his.
Hello.
What should I drink today?
You come here quite often.
I know. I'm my own boss.
My working hour is flexible.
What do you do?
You weren't like this in the past. You've changed.
You just ask questions to anyone.
Gosh.
You're not just anyone to me.
Then what am I to you?
You're my regular customer.
What coffee do you want?
I'm not a regular customer yet,
but I'll have a cappuccino.
And that.
That castella sponge cake.
And stamp my card too.
Sure.
Where do you get these?
Do they use good flour?
Of course.
You wouldn't remember,
but I can't stomach flour.
But their bread...
has never given me indigestion.
You don't have to worry.
I just asked if they use good flour.
It's really tasty.
Isn't it?
You picked a great supplier.
A supplier?
Is he trying to get revenge?
Why is he so mean?
The coffee's just amazing.
It can't be the same guy.
(Merry Christmas)
(Kang Nam Goo)
(Haesung Apparel 40th Anniversary Event)
My stomach hurts.
Where do you go...
that you always come back with a stomach ache?
Mr. Baker.
Why aren't you hiring anyone?
Are you ignoring what I said?
I told you that I want to quit.
Then you can't deliver the bread.
Or see the bike guy.
It can't be helped if that's my fate.
Maybe I'm destined to...
focus on baking.
Okay, okay.
Shall I put a help wanted sign on the door?
Don't you get what your master's saying?
And you want to learn?
"Master"?
Will you teach me how to bake?
Don't call me "master".
I need your help,
so it's yes for now.
If you'll teach me,
I'm your first apprentice.
What first apprentice?
- Thank you so much. - What are you doing?
You can't touch me.
Or I'll take it back.
Sorry, Mr. Baker.
I mean Master.
Seriously? I take it back.
- I'll clean it for you. - Forget it.
Hello.
Over here.
How are you?
What are you doing here?
It's my lunch break, so I came to...
look around and see Ji An.
She arranged all this, right?
Yes.
Where is my sister?
I don't have long to talk to her.
Do you have something to say?
Yes. I became a baker's apprentice.
He makes a great dough,
and he never wanted to teach anyone,
but he picked me.
I see.
Ji An would love to hear this.
I wanted to tell her in person.
Why isn't she here?
She was worried that I always...
work part-time and don't care about my future.
You can't surprise her.
She isn't here. She's out on business.
She'll be gone a while.
Oh, really?
I should've called ahead.
I'll tell her you were here.
Tell her I became an apprentice then.
I will. I'm heading out to see someone.
I'll get you a taxi.
Let's go outside.
Ji An's brother's seeing me off.
Let's go.
- Come along. - Okay.
It's really nice here.
(Myung Shin)
So what, you hid?
I couldn't face her like I used to.
Seeing the VP with her...
made me feel...
as if someone was strangling me.
It's just a few more days.
Your VP told you to wait until...
the event's over.
That's him looking out for me.
He must feel...
so frustrated when he sees Ji Soo.
You shouldn't be worried about him.
You have four days left.
Just thinking of that...
makes my heart beat faster.
I deserve to be punished, so I'll take it.
(Ms. No)
It's his mother.
Hello?
You're with someone?
Then just listen.
After the event,
let's have a meal with Mr. Seo and Ms. Yang.
Pardon?
You worked so hard...
to become our daughter.
It's a reward.
You lived with them for 25 years.
I wasn't going to make you cut ties with them.
But you'll meet them as my daughter.
Hello? Eun Seok.
I will...
talk to you at home this evening.
Will you come home today?
Yes. I'd like to...
Could I...
see you both this evening?
Will you both...
be at home?
Yes. Your father doesn't have dinner plans.
He'll be home early.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Welcome home.
How was the trip?
I'm tired after the long flight.
You did well.
Hello.
You didn't suffer at all.
Your faces are so glossy.
We should both bow.
Forget that old custom.
Get changed so we can eat.
Go upstairs,
leave your things, and change.
Okay then. I'll carry this.
It's your sister's present.
It's nicer than the photo.
The room's nice too.
My favorite feature in the room is you.
You're two-faced.
You used to play hard to get before.
Marriage has changed you.
I didn't think I'd end up like this.
I'm confused myself.
We should've focused on us.
We thought too much.
It's not that.
My reality was a helpless case.
You just have to...
stick to your promise of being my best friend.
Just your best friend?
Husband, brother,
what else? Surrogate father-in-law.
I'll be your dad too.
I'll just be a girlfriend-like wife.
Don't expect a mom-like wife.
Who would like that?
Don't.
We have to get changed.
Okay.
(Seo Ji An)
Yes?
Could I see you for a second?
I have something to say.
What is it?
Say it now.
We have to speak in person.
Okay.
Remember the membership restaurant?
See you there.
Okay, I will.
(Letter of Resignation)
Help me.
When I tell your parents today,
I'd like you to be there with me.
That's my last favor.
Help me.
I ordered the coffees.
I didn't want to be disturbed.
Okay.
Before you begin, I have something to say.
First of all.
I'll return your phone.
Why...
do you have it?
I followed you in case the 20,000 dollars...
involved a man.
Mom didn't want anyone else to know.
So I followed you.
You ran off, not knowing you'd lost your phone.
Was he Sunwoo Hyuk?
I saw you with him.
Sorry, it's my sister's.
I saw you two entering a cafe.
Suffer for a while.
At the time,
I took it to spite your carelessness.
Mom wanted you to leave your past behind,
so I kept it.
You're so...
unbelievable.
It's too awkward to apologize,
so let's let it go.
You know how we do things now.
I'll return it because I don't need to keep it.
I'm not exactly pleased,
but I'm in no position to complain.
I'll take it.
I found you another job.
After the event,
you can no longer work at Haesung.
You found me a job?
Eunseng Corporation's Marketing Team.
It's a bigger company than Haesung Apparel.
I won't work at Haesung Apparel.
Or at Eunseng Corporation.
Do you think I want...
a job I got for a favor?
You said you have no plans.
So I went out of the way to help you.
No thanks.
I'm not giving you what you don't deserve.
You're more than capable.
Please, stop.
That's not the help I need right now.
Then what help do you need?
Aren't you in no position to care about pride?
Pride?
Are you that short-sighted?
Do you only care for your parents?
Don't you care what'll happen...
after you come clean?
Why are you so foolish? I got you another job.
I need consideration, not pity.
That's up to the one giving the favor.
The recipient doesn't have a choice.
Why...
would you say that?
What do you mean?
You sound charitable.
As if you're doing this out of pity for me.
Isn't it cowardice to put it like that?
Cowardice?
Say it's because you care for me.
Can't you even say that?
Must you...
distance yourself?
After all the time we spent together?
You don't have to...
be so forceful and demeaning.
Yes.
I care for you.
But why should I admit to that?
Why do you care? Why do you want to know?
What can I do for you?
What...
do you want from me?
What I want...
- is for you... - You and I...
have different paths.
You stayed with us long enough to know that.
What do you expect of me?
Why do you look at me like that?
What are you? Why? Because we kissed?
Yes.
I felt attracted, and I kissed you.
So what? A kiss?
I can kiss you 100 times. I could sleep with you.
What can't I do? You aren't my sister.
But that's all it can be.
However much I like you.
If you say that right now...
I must...
marry Jang So Ra.
No, I will marry her.
So...
you live a life that suits you.
I'll go on living mine.
So...
don't expect anything from me.
What can I do for you?
I'll see that...
your parents don't...
end up being sued.
I have to go.
(Ms. No)
Are you on your way? We're waiting.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(Mom, Dad)
(Power off)
What took you so long? We had dinner without you.
I apologize.
Sit.
Okay.
What were you trying to say to Eun Seok?
He said he has something to say to you.
He didn't even tell me what it is.
He told me to wait until you're home.
Eun Seok.
Yes.
Did you just say yes?
Are you really Choi Eun Seok?
What's wrong with you?
She's your daughter.
(DNA Parentage Test Report)
Who are you?
(My Golden Life)
How dare you switch your children?
How dare you!
Where's my daughter? Bring my daughter.
How could you do this to me?
Ji An is your daughter?
That's not why.
Then why did you send Ji An to them?
You knew?
I was going to tell you...
How could you...
So you pitied her.
I'll prevent what you're worried about.
Watch how your precious daughter, Ji An, lives...
until the end of your life.